Doc: Update the parameters about DFT+U and Electric field and dipole correction (#2506)
deepmodeling/abacus-develop: docs/advanced/input_files/input-main.md

### dft_plus_u

- **Type**: Boolean

> - **Description**: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Description**: Determines whether to calculate the plus U correction, which is especially important for correlated electrons.
```

>   - True: calculate plus U correction, which is especially important for correlated electron.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - True: Calculate plus U correction.
```

>   - True: ABCUS will calculate plus U correction, which is especially important for correlated electron.

Reviewer 2: There is a typo of `ABCUS`

>   - False: not plus U correction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - False: Do not calculate plus U correction.
```

>   - False: ABCUS will not plus U correction.

Reviewer 2: There is a typo of `ABCUS`

- **Default**: False

### orbital_corr

- **Type**: Integer

> - **Description**: $l_1,l_2,l_3,\ldots$ for atom type 1,2,3 respectively. Specify which orbits need plus U correction for each atom. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Description**: Specifies which orbits need plus U correction for each atom type ($l_1,l_2,l_3,\ldots$ for atom type 1, 2, 3, respectively).
```

>   - -1: The plus U correction would not be calculated for this atom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - -1: The plus U correction will not be calculated for this atom.
```

>   - 1: For p electrons orbits need plus U correction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 1: For p-electron orbits, the plus U correction is needed.
```

>   - 2: For d electrons orbits need plus U correction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 2: For d-electron orbits, the plus U correction is needed.
```

>   - 3: For f electrons orbits need plus U correction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 3: For f-electron orbits, the plus U correction is needed.
```

- **Default**: None

### hubbard_u

- **Type**: Real

> - **Description**: Hubbard Coulomb interaction parameter U (eV) in plus U correction, which should be specified for each atom unless Yukawa potential is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Description**: Specifies the Hubbard Coulomb interaction parameter U (eV) in plus U correction, which should be specified for each atom unless the Yukawa potential is used.
```

> > Note : Since we only implemented the simplified scheme by Duradev, the 'U' here is actually Ueff which is given by hubbard U minus hund J.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: Since only the simplified scheme by Duradev is implemented, the 'U' here is actually U-effective, which is given by Hubbard U minus Hund J.
```

- **Default**: 0.0

### yukawa_potential

- **Type**: Boolean

> - **Description**: whether to use the local screen Coulomb potential method to calculate the values of U and J.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Description**: Determines whether to use the local screen Coulomb potential method to calculate the values of U and J.
```

>   - True: hubbard_u does not need to be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - True: `hubbard_u` does not need to be specified.
```

>   - False: hubbard_u does need to be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - False: `hubbard_u` does need to be specified.
```

- **Default**: False

### yukawa_lambda

- **Type**: Real
- **Availability**: DFT+U with `yukawa_potential` = True.

> - **Description**: The screen length of Yukawa potential. If left to default, we will calculate the screen length as an average of the entire system. It's better to stick to the default setting unless there is a very good reason.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Description**: The screen length of Yukawa potential. If left to default, the screen length will be calculated as an average of the entire system. It's better to stick to the default setting unless there is a very good reason.
```

- **Default**: Calculated on the fly.

### omc

- **Type**: Integer

> - **Description**: The parameter controls what form of occupation matrix control we are using.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Description**: The parameter controls the form of occupation matrix control used.
```

>   - 0: Then no occupation matrix control is performed, and the onsite density matrix will be calculated from wavefunctions in each SCF step.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 0: No occupation matrix control is performed, and the onsite density matrix will be calculated from wavefunctions in each SCF step.
```

>   - 1: Then the first SCF step will use an initial density matrix read from a file named `initial_onsite.dm`, but for later steps, the onsite density matrix will be updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - 1: The first SCF step will use an initial density matrix read from a file named `[initial_onsite.dm](http://initial_onsite.dm/)`, but for later steps, the onsite density matrix will be updated.
```
